In the front-end, select 'my
collection' from the menu and
here you'll find all your
processed videos. The search bar
is useful for searching
filenames. So if you type in a
certain word, you'll get a
return of all the different
files that match a term in their
file name. Simply delete that to
go back to all results, you have
a choice of sorting options. You
can sort by the date the video
was created the duration of the
videos, or using matching
information like the count of
related videos, or the count of
duplicate videos, meaning it
would show the videos with the
most related content near the
top. You can switch at any point
between videos in a thumbnail
grid to a straight list via the
toggle button.
There are quick filters at the
top if you want to see all your
videos. Only videos that have
duplicate videos. Ones that have
possibly related content... or
unique videos that do not have
any matching videos in the
collection. Advanced filters are
accessed via the button on the
right. You can filter by three
different categories, the first
of which is content. Here you
can set the length of videos
range you want to see. You can
also select match templates to
filter images by specific
objects. We'll cover creating
your own templates later on in
this course. In the metadata
category, you can filter by file
extension. Search for videos
that are created between a
certain date range,
filter by whether the video
contains audio or not. If you
want to look for files that are
local, as in they are from your
collection or files that come
from a partner collection. If
you choose the remote option,
you can also pick which partners
index you want to examine from
the drop down below. Once you
have a configuration you want,
you can save the filter as a
preset saving you time in
future. Simply give it a name
and hit create. This will save
it under the preset sub menu
You can restore defaults anytime
to clear out the current filter
and start again or choose a
different preset. You can also
hide the filter panes by
clicking the X at any time.